Now, this is going to
actually kind of feed
into the next part of that question is,
from conception,
how do we get into deployment?
And so I'm going to give you some hints,
one with the CLI that using NX,
you can generate nest entire,
an entire API very quickly.
And so there's a lot of things that
you can a lot of mileage you can get
from the CLI.
In addition to that I want to show
you one really quick example,
and kind of gonna lay some groundwork for
you to kind of think
about like how would we,
how could I extend this So
this is the CLI.
You saw here that I had
to basically copy this.
Well, what you can do
with a little bit of luck
my fair lady is not even
a little bit of luck,
like five minutes worth of work.
You can essentially add functionality
to copy this, or to create a button you
can click, which will then put whatever
it is you have on to your clipboard.
Or whatever element that you
have attached a button to so
in this case I am attaching
clipboard js which is NPM clipboard.
Super cool, although just with
a warning was real quick, ha, no flash.
All right, now with clipboard in place,
I have a small file here, so
check this out in the blitz,
but I am basically
saying a knit clipboard.
I'm sending in a selector, it's saying
everything that matches this go ahead and
attach this clipboard
functionality to this.
Super simple,
again I feel like most everything we've
done up to this point
has been like level 100,
maybe 120 level JavaScript.
And so within our index thirty years,
if we go down to the bottom.
I'm still doing all of my regular
stuff but now what I'm doing is,
I'm saying I'm instantiating
clipboard I'm saying
a knit clipboard and
I'm passing in button.
And so within the generated code,
what I have is
a button that is targeting
an element in this case,
the CLI, data clipboard target CLI.
And so when I run this,
I can go ahead and,
I'm going to copy this and
if we come in here,
I can just paste this in,
and so this is very handy.
So, that's the first step,
is you can just create a button that
you can then allow yourself to then
copy this to the clipboard and
paste it in, so
that's one little convenient step.
Now one of the things that I did not do
because this is framework dependent is,
I think it's NGIX file saver,
is an uncertain
there is a react equivalent is
that using NGIX file saver.
It's not hard to have a adjacent download
button that allows you to download this
file as a text file to
your local computer.
On top of that, you could
absolutely have some functionality
to wrap this up into a zip file,
download it and go from there.
So, I am going to leave it
to your imagination, but
here is one example of how do we
streamline the workflow out of this.
And so clipboard file saver and
being able to zip something up and
then save it is kind of that
next iteration of that.
In the example that I showed
you at the beginning,
I actually don't download two zips
that has all the generated files.
On zip one, put the base file in,
run a command and it just does everything.
And so again, I don't want to
spoon feed everything to you,
but at the same time, I want to give you
some hints on where you can take this.
And then you can create a version
of this that you see fit.